This repository is a collection of my finished projects throughout my college career

The following is a short description and breakdown of what each project is and it's goals in the relevant college class beginning in chronological order.

ITS-245 is described as integrative programming using C# as the programming language and Microsoft access as a beginning for using object-oriented programming along with accessing information stored on a database. The purpose of this project was to create windows forms for entering, returning, and deleting medical information from the access database. As project leader and developer, I delegated tasks out to two other peers and developed the database connection, created the requisite SQL queries, and the window designs for displaying the information

ITS-340 was the advanced programming and data structures course using Java. We focused on the different data structures that are possible and along with the uses of threading and recursion in programming. The final project in this course was using a full binary tree to drive a medical questionnaire and use the Y/N questions to fill out a database of medical information. As project leader I designated my project teammate to create the binary tree as I handled the database, SQL, and using Java Swing to create some of the necessary windows.

ITS-362 is known as distributed application development and focused on using web design and development languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP. The final project tasked my team with designing and developing a website to sell a product all with using PHP. As team leader I had my teammate create the sections necessary to add, remove, and search products to sell or that have been sold while I handled the initial screen development, account creation and management, database connection and pulling product information from the database.
